MaxMind ccpa (#151)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/02.Setup/03.Cron Jobs/docs.en.md

php /path/to/mautic/bin/console mautic:maintenance:cleanup --days-old=365 --dry-run
```

> ### MaxMind CCPA complience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### MaxMind CCPA compliance
```

> MaxMind requires to keep a "do not sell" list up to date and remove all data that were added by those IP addresses in the past from MaxMind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MaxMind requires users to keep a "Do Not Sell" list up to date, and remove all data that was added relating to those IP addresses in the past from MaxMind.
```

> See more details in the official MaxMind website: https://blog.maxmind.com/tag/ccpa/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See more details in the official MaxMind website: [https://blog.maxmind.com/tag/ccpa/][maxmind-ccpa]
```

Reviewer: Please add the link macro at the end of the page:

`[maxmind-ccpa]: <https://blog.maxmind.com/tag/ccpa/>`

> It's recommended to run those 2 commands once/week. One after another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to run these two commands once per week, one after another.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
php /path/to/mautic/bin/console mautic:donotsell:download
```

> This command will download the database of do not sell IP addresses from MaxMind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will download the database of Do Not Sell IP addresses from MaxMind.
```

```
php /path/to/mautic/bin/console mautic:max-mind:purge
```

> This command will find data in the database that were loaded from MaxMind's do not sell IP addresses and deletes them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will find data in the database that was loaded from MaxMind's Do Not Sell IP addresses and deletes the data.
```
